[Music]
bad genius the film is about a very
genius girl named lynn
her father is very stirred because of
her brilliancy he wanted to enroll her
in a more reputed school
when they visit that school then they
know by the principle that the dues of
that school are unaffordable
can you bear the dues as lynn begins to
talk there
but that principle is inspired by lin's
conversation and math calculations
moreover she enrolls her in the school
with no dues
now lynn is befriended with another girl
admitting to the school
but she is not brilliant like lin then
used to help her to solve the queries of
mathematics
their examination starts in which lin
gets the full grades
and her friend also gets good grades but
lower than lynn whereas she was not
prepared for the exam but lynn helped
her to solve the paper
so both friends are extremely excited
then lynn and her friend move to a party
arranged by lin's buddy
then lynn comes to know while talking
indeed she got the scholarship
it means she had been admitted to school
with no dues but there were some funds
which have been paid by her father
when lynn checks the fee slip going to
the house then she knows that his father
has exactly given the 200 000 bodies of
fund of the school
seeing it lin starts to weep and says to
her father
father what was the need to enroll me in
the most expensive school
her father says to her nothing is more
important for me than your bright future
just focus on your study there is the
birthday of lin's mother in the coming
time
and she begins to play the piano while
missing her because she is deprived of
the love of a mother
then lynne hits upon an idea as her
classmates are not brilliant like her
and they always drop in their
examination why do i not help them with
an exam at this time
then she calls all her fellows and says
to them look at it
as i am playing this piano just remember
the movement of these fingers
if i point my fingers as such then it
means the a option
if i move it like this then the answer
will be b or c or d
then all students learn the points of
their fingers when there is a time of an
exam then lynn helps them in papers
pointing her fingers in this way that
class begins to achieve the good grades
her class result is at the top when the
result is announced it is obvious that
the topper of this class is lynn
and the student name is bank who gets
the second position
they partake in a competition while
representing their school
the title of this contest is team genius
bank is also very brilliant
so both win this contest so principal
and others feel pleasure from them
the principal says to them that there
are a few students who are getting their
education based on scholarship
but lin and bank i am really very
inspired by both of you
you both have brightened the name of our
school so i can give you one chance both
of you
but the matter of the fact is this only
one of them can achieve it
the fact is this that you can get the
education in singapore
going based on the scholarship just
select yourself who is one of you who
needs to go there
here the family background of bank is
revealed it is not sound
so bank used to struggle hard for this
cause so he may do something g for his
family
then a boy arrives at bank he says to
him i need your book
you make good assignments then bank says
to him
i apologize i also need to study that
boy says to him by mistake
you don't help anyone lynn helps us a
lot and she also assists us in the
examination
he should not have said it but he speaks
it by mistake this is disliked by bank
he begins to notice it as the paper
starts as lynn is really helping them in
cheating
now exam starts then the question paper
is distributed to all the students
some question papers are set one while
others are set too
it means both question paper sets are
different lynn has the set one question
paper
she gesticulates to others i have sent
one question paper
now those students who would set one
paper they could get the help of linen
cheating
others will surely be failed when lynn
begins to help them in cheating
bank is observing it he immediately goes
to tell to the supervisor
supervisor says to him okay i will see
sit down now now they all come outside
after taking the exam
then the principal calls lin in her
office then observes
going inside she notices that bank is
already there
it means that he has complained to the
principal the principal asks her
that you have been helping and cheating
lynn gets confused here
lynn's father is also called and he
complains that your daughter has been
helping and cheating on others
have we enrolled her in this school for
this purpose she speaks many rigid words
before her father
lynn is unable to bear it so she says to
the principal
what are you talking about say me what
you like
why are you saying it to my father the
principal flies into a rage
lynn should not have misbehaved like
this because her chance to go to
singapore had been over
and it happens what seemed threatening
the principal declares that she will not
dismiss lin on one condition
she will have to study in school without
any value if you want to take classes
here
and she will also not be sent to
singapore then lynn
says okay don't do and she returns home
from there
returning to home lynn is scolded badly
by her father
lynn receives a call from her friend who
asks her to come to a hotel
she says to her i need your help even my
friend's father has also been seated
here
now that boy's father begins to talk
lynn i want my son to pass an exam
so you will have to assist him in
cheating actually that boy and lin's
friend are going to take an exam here
the passing of that exam has many
advantages they had called lynn because
they both could not pass the paper
so she may help them and she will be
offered 600 000 thai bought in return
now lynn was not willing to carry it out
because she had been humiliated before
so she leaves apologizing to them lynn
casts a glance at the adjusted watches
there as she is going out of the hotel
it has a different time as each country
is appearing its own time
then an idea strikes her mind the
international test in which her friend
and that boy were going to take
it had to conduct at the same time in
the whole world each country has a
different time obviously
so the country where this exam will be
conducted first so the question paper
and the answers can be gone through
because the question paper will be the
same cheating that answer key
they can take their exam now lin goes to
tell both of them this fact
so they decide that they will also take
the help of bank so lynn declares that i
will go to australia for this
and i will take an exam there and i will
send you the answer key
memorizing the questions of the exam so
you may appear in your exam after being
prepared
so they get excited because this plan is
perfect on the other side
bank is shown who was beaten by some
boys and they throw him in a corner
here they all are planning how had they
cheated in the international test
they start to contact those students who
had to appear in that international test
they say to them while grouping if you
need help in the exam then present the
money
and this amount of money is nothing in
place of passing that test
being agreed all students join their
created group
that richest boy whose father was
aristocratic and wanted to make his son
pass this test
that boy begins to tell everyone listen
to me
you can carry only four things in the
examination hall including a pencil
eraser passport and question paper the
question arises how will you cheat the
answers
bank and lin fly to australia and they
will keep the question of the test in
their memory there
but they cannot send the messages to all
students so they decide as there is a
barcode on a pencil
in the same way they will get the answer
key printing it
the answers will be printed according to
barcodes lines
the thickest line in the pencil code
will indicate a
the thicker line b thick line c and the
smallest line in width will indicate d
so the orders of these lines will be the
same each line's width will be according
to its answer
so they will stick this answer print in
form of a barcode on the pencil
and they will send the photos of pencils
to all the students we will go on our
first plan trick instructed by lin
as there are three breaks in this test
in the first break
completing the first section i will send
the answers to all students
my friend and her buddy going to the
lavatory so she does the same
bank and lynn do it in the first two
breaks but bank spends most time in the
laboratory when the third break starts
the supervisor opens the door quickly
reaching there
because he had started to suspect that
bank is going to the laboratory again
and again
the cell phone is broken falling from
bank's hand and he is caught
on the other side lynn is also unable to
go to the lavatory because there are
also other students there
returning to the examination hall lynne
is confused seeing it
that bank is also not here it means
there was surely something wrong
now the third section of the test has
begun but she is not understanding how
she may send the last section's answers
so she memorizes it while writing at the
side of the paper she vomits
inserting the pencil into her mouth it
is her excuse to go outside
she moves to the lavatory from there
saying i cannot take the exam because my
condition is going unwell
that supervisor pursues her he is
australian
they were obviously in australia and the
rules and regulations of this country
were very strict
so he says to her you will have to take
your exam after returning to your seat
lynn says to him i am not well so don't
want to come back but that supervisor
takes her forcefully for test
so lynn puts her mobile phone in someone
else's bag while leaving
but the good side is this she had
already sent the messages of this
question paper
she notices returning that bank is
seated there the faculty knows that lynn
and bank are the students of the same
school
so they had suspicion on both of them
equally so lynn had also be called
but bank reveals it till that time that
lynn is not involved in it
lynn returns to her country thailand
from there so her friend greets her
but lynn is very worried here she
embraces her father and weeps a lot
while meeting him there
because she is getting worried about
bank many days later
when she moves to bank's house then she
observes a sport bike there
there are also some costly things there
seeing she does not understand who
brought them here
then she notices bank who tells her
don't worry
i had returned it was not a critical
problem
and i have purchased these things from
that money which i got from there
she shows her the news look at this one
more international exam is going to be
conducted
what is the thought we can also earn a
heavy amount of money from it
then lynn says no bank we have committed
many wrongdoings
then blank intimidates her i will reveal
the secret if you don't agree with me
that you had also a partnership with me
but lynn leaves
disagreeing with him in the end it is
seen that lynn is seated before an
officer
and she is revealing to him that i had
helped in cheating in an international
test
she also tells when and how she helped
in cheating it means that she has
realized her mistake
she was also guilty of this the movie
completes on this scene